Hey, Mundy
He is Qingyun Longjun
Such a good man, you just let go
I used to be really blind
And you embarrassed him in public?
I really can't help it now
You have to beg him
He was so protective of you yesterday
I must still have some feelings for you
If he can destroy our Lin family again
The glory and wealth are right in front of you
What do we want?
Oops, but the divorce agreement has been signed
So what?
Anyway, the divorce certificate hasn't been withdrawn yet
Everything is in time
Ma Xue Shilong is here
He's not here to get a divorce license from me, is he?
Lotus
Just say you're sick and scared by what happened yesterday
Can you do it?
Hey, here comes Zhilong.
You left the door open
Come in
Then sit there
Can't come
I can't afford to sit on your neighbor's sofa
Zhilong
Let's go get the divorce certificate
What's up?